README.md, before:

# Travel to China

This application is a travel guide written for someone who 
1. Has never been to China and is hoping to go
2. Wants to learn more about the country
3. Aspires to gain a deeper appreciation of China as a country. 

## Motivation for creating the travel guide

For years, I have really been interested in learning more about China. During my time at Baylor, I had a roommate named Kevin who is from
China. In addition, I had another roommate from Taiwan named Jeremy. 

Many of the people that I have met from China are very friendly and were very open to talking about their culture with me. In addition, I have read quite a few books about China, and watched a few documentaries about the country. 

## Information contained in the travel guide

Right now, the travel guide is going to give prospective travelers some basic information about China. Anyone who reads this guide will learn different aspects including a basic history of the country, culture, economy, technological advancements made, political structure of the country, geography. In a later version, I will include information about planning a vacation to China.

Commit message:

Added information about the technologies used in the project. There isn't much more I am doing tonight. I will work on the back-end of the project later.

README.md, after:

# Travel to China

This application is a travel guide written for someone who 
1. Has never been to China and is hoping to go
2. Wants to learn more about the country
3. Aspires to gain a deeper appreciation of China as a country. 

## Motivation for creating the travel guide

For years, I have really been interested in learning more about China. During my time at Baylor, I had a roommate named Kevin who is from
China. In addition, I had another roommate from Taiwan named Jeremy. 

Many of the people that I have met from China are very friendly and were very open to talking about their culture with me. In addition, I have read quite a few books about China, and watched a few documentaries about the country. 

## Information contained in the travel guide

Right now, the travel guide is going to give prospective travelers some basic information about China. Anyone who reads this guide will learn different aspects including a basic history of the country, culture, economy, technological advancements made, political structure of the country, geography. In a later version, I will include information about planning a vacation to China. 

## Technologies used in the travel guide

Front-end: React.JS, CSS, HTML
Backend: Express.JS
Database: Will be using sequelize for the database.
